c:\users\vgaur\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\storemanagement\storemanagement\bin\Debug\storemanagement.exe.config
c:\users\vgaur\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\storemanagement\storemanagement\obj\Debug\storemanagement.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\vgaur\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\storemanagement\storemanagement\obj\Debug\storemanagement.Form1.resources
c:\users\vgaur\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\storemanagement\storemanagement\obj\Debug\storemanagement.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\vgaur\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\storemanagement\storemanagement\obj\Debug\storemanagement.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\vgaur\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\storemanagement\storemanagement\bin\Debug\storemanagement.exe
c:\users\vgaur\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\storemanagement\storemanagement\bin\Debug\storemanagement.pdb
c:\users\vgaur\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\storemanagement\storemanagement\obj\Debug\storemanagement.exe
c:\users\vgaur\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\storemanagement\storemanagement\obj\Debug\storemanagement.pdb
C:\Users\vgaur\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\storemanagement\storemanagement\bin\Debug\Oracle.DataAccess.dll
C:\Users\vgaur\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\storemanagement\storemanagement\obj\Debug\storemanagement.Form2.resources
C:\Users\vgaur\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\storemanagement\storemanagement\obj\Debug\storemanagement.place_order.resources
C:\Users\vgaur\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\storemanagement\storemanagement\obj\Debug\storemanagement.view_order_det.resources
C:\Users\vgaur\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\storemanagement\storemanagement\obj\Debug\storemanagement.view_product.resources
C:\Users\vgaur\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\storemanagement\storemanagement\obj\Debug\storemanagement.change_pass.resources
C:\Users\vgaur\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\storemanagement\storemanagement\obj\Debug\storemanagement.emp.resources
C:\Users\vgaur\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\storemanagement\storemanagement\obj\Debug\storemanagement.eview_prod.resources
C:\Users\vgaur\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\storemanagement\storemanagement\obj\Debug\storemanagement.echange_pass.resources
C:\Users\vgaur\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\storemanagement\storemanagement\obj\Debug\storemanagement.eview_order_details.resources
C:\Users\vgaur\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\storemanagement\storemanagement\obj\Debug\storemanagement.eplace_order.resources
C:\Users\vgaur\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\storemanagement\storemanagement\obj\Debug\storemanagement.eview_sorder_detail.resources
